APPEND

##################################################################################

#Effects - New Game

##################################################################################

[effect]
id=Knockback
type=knockback
can_stack=false

[effect]
id=Convert
type=convert
#animation=animations/powers/spark_red_loop.txt
animation=animations/powers/runes_green.txt

[effect]
id=Death Sentence
type=death_sentence

[effect]
id=Lower Absorb min
type=absorb_min
animation=animations/powers/runes_orange.txt

[effect]
id=Lower Absorb max
type=absorb_max

[effect]
id=Lower Avoidance
type=avoidance

[effect]
id=Lower Poise
type=poise

[effect]
id=Lower Fire Resist
type=fire_resist

[effect]
id=Lower Ice Resist
type=ice_resist

[effect]
id=Lower Earth Resist
type=earth_resist

[effect]
id=Lower Lightning Resist
type=lightning_resist

[effect]
id=Lower Melee Damage min
type=dmg_melee_min
animation=animations/powers/smoke_black.txt

[effect]
id=Lower Melee Damage max
type=dmg_melee_max

[effect]
id=Lower Ranged Damage min
type=dmg_ranged_min

[effect]
id=Lower Ranged Damage max
type=dmg_ranged_max

[effect]
id=Lower Mental Damage min
type=dmg_ment_min

[effect]
id=Lower Mental Damage max
type=dmg_ment_max

[effect]
id=Lower Critical Hit Rate
type=crit

[effect]
id=Lower Accuracy
type=accuracy

[effect]
id=Fear
type=fear
animation=animations/powers/fear.txt

[effect]
id=Fear Immobilise
type=stun
animation=animations/powers/spark_red_loop.txt

[effect]
id=HP bonus
type=hp

[effect]
id=Raise Melee Damage min
type=dmg_melee_min

[effect]
id=Raise Melee Damage max
type=dmg_melee_max

[effect]
id=HP Buff bonus - protection
type=hp
animation=animations/powers/shield.txt
can_stack=false

[effect]
id=Raise Absorb min - protection
type=absorb_min
can_stack=false

[effect]
id=Raise Absorb max - protection
type=absorb_max
can_stack=false

[effect]
id=Raise Avoidance - protection
type=avoidance
can_stack=false

[effect]
id=Raise Fire Resist - protection
type=fire_resist
can_stack=false

[effect]
id=Raise Ice Resist - protection
type=ice_resist
can_stack=false

[effect]
id=Raise Earth Resist - protection
type=earth_resist
can_stack=false

[effect]
id=Raise Lightning Resist - protection
type=lightning_resist
can_stack=false

[effect]
id=Increase Speed - werewolf
type=speed

[effect]
id=Raise Avoidance - werewolf
type=avoidance

[effect]
id=Raise Accuracy - werewolf
type=accuracy
